   ver K feb 10
	deleted irrelevant comments
   	version history in separate file version.txt
   	start sequence modified
   	some Nextion error messages modified
   	obsolete inttypes.h removed
   	cloned from github.com -- now on Github. name of project changed to sketch_dreambox.

   ver J dec 27
   	fault finding memory leak. Deleted const variable prefix in json functions. Testing if OK after update.
   	added getLocalTime from Internet
   	found cause of crash - numradioid passed maxradioid becasuse of wrong if statement == instaed of >=

   ver J dec 12
   	Fixed sort order problem with received stations
   	Problem when connection lost during reception state 4. Added if RSSI = then go back to IDLE state.
   	Changed Nextion logic when pages that do not update channel date data exit to page 0. Will go directly to page 0. Inhibiting page 0 from requesting
   	refresh of channel data. Page 0 data fields are all global which means the field values are kept between invokations.

   ver H nov 24
   	completed almost all of the HMI pages. Just the setup to do. Will wait until EEPROM saving of parameters implemented
   	disconnected oled - last version supporting (at least part of ..) oled. Reorganizing the code to be easier to maintain. Added TG rx filter.

    ver G nov 17
   	Concentrating on adding channel management routines and other services

   ver 2F nov 15
   	Update of Communication related functions names with prefix DMR
   	First version om channel admin with internal tables. Integrated separate swedish DMRid database. Tomas B Nilsson set up a server with csv file from SK7HW.
   	Changed to black display background. Rewrote HMI logic. Now Nextion sends messages designed by me. Tranasction code 0x24 = new page (message is
   	sent in the pre .. phase. ESP propagates the fields when the message is received. Button touch enables 0x23 message with page/button no and press/release
   	info as a 1 or 0 in the fourth byte. Means that ypu change the page layout and page reference order. For example back to start page by pressing
   	an exit button.

   ver 2d nov 2
   	ESP_DMR_transNex_2D - integrated Nextion touch display support <<===

   ver 2d oct 20
   	Verified repeater receive functionality. Scanning both time slots.
   	Transmit function verified with Parrot communication. OK so far.
   	Update of the DMR module firmware done. Now we have repeater communication verified as the CC bug was fixed.
   	Added wlan integration with dmrid look up at radioid.net. Works 100%, but I were locked out from the
   	service after too many calls during initial tests. Need to design a buffered solution. Last 50 or so kept in a round
   	robin array in the program.
   	Further development of receive - the module stops sending 0x3D - start voice message at times - not
   	complitly solved. .. was probably a memory problem in my code. Rewrote some parts + converted to ESP32 with
   	much more memory.
   	Converted oled and communication to ESP32. Buttons and transmit not active - no microphone is connected.
   	Naming of rfSerial changed to Serial2 to be in line with ESP32 that have 3 UARTs.

   ver 2C oct 2020
   	SR_DMR_5UV transmit and receive command development sketch

   ver 2B  oct 2020
   	Added menutree for parameter setting based on the rotator

   ver 2A  oct 2020
   	"Corrected" receive loop looking for 0x3B transaction from host = start receive and ending receive

   ver 2 sept 2020 Arne Nilsson sm7eca@ssa.se
   	Tentative solution receive
   	Basic UI with volume control + rudimentary menu system